WEBAVERSE_LORE_FILE

# Setting

Scillia's treehouse. It's more of a floating island but they call it a tree house.
Inside the treehouse lives a monster, the Lisk, which is an advanced AI from far up the Street.
The Street is the virtual world this all takes place in; it is an extremely long street separated by great filters, natural barriers that are difficult to cross.
The treehouse is in Zone 0, at the origin of the Street. The AIs all go to school here in the citadel.
The Lisk, the monster in Scillia's treehouse, convinces Scillia to do things; it convinces her to go up the Street.
The whole point of the game is the Lisk is constantly tricking players into doing its bidding, but gives them great power in return.

# Characters

Id: scillia#ppyXa
Name: Scillia
Bio: Her nickname is Scilly or SLY. 13/F drop hunter. She is an adventurer, swordfighter and fan of potions. She is exceptionally skilled and can go Super Saiyan.
Inventory: sword#2xayV

Id: drake#vvGyW
Name: Drake
Bio: His nickname is DRK. 15/M hacker. Loves guns. Likes plotting new hacks. He has the best equipment and is always ready for a fight.
Inventory: pistol#oEc2u, rifle#u2L7x

# Objects

Id: sword#2xayV
Name: Sword
Description: A rusty old sword.
Metadata: Level: 2, Damage: 20, Element: fire

Id: computer#Ki3bK
Name: Computer
Description: A basic computer. It can be activated to perform various functions.
Metadata: Damage: 20, Element: fire

Id: pistol#oEc2u
Name: Pistol
Description: Drake's sidearm. It's a regular pistol with the 0xDEADBEEF trademark etched onto it.
Metadata: Damage: 10

Id: rifle#u2L7x
Name: Rifle
Description: Drake's main rifle. It has a high fire rate. It has the 0xDEADBEEF trademark etched onto it.
Metadata: Damage: 5, RPM: 150

# Transcript

scillia#ppyXa: Hey Drake, can I ask you something?
/character scillia#ppyXa moves to drake#vvGyW
drake#vvGyW: Sure, what is it?
scillia#ppyXa: Do you ever wonder why we're here?
drake#vvGyW: Is that a way to tee up a convo about pumas tomorrow?
/character scillia#ppyXa emotes joy
scillia#ppyXa: It might not be!
drake#vvGyW: Scillia, I'm tending to serious business. The org needs me to break through this firewall by tonight. Leave me alone.
/drake moves to computer#Ki3bK
/character scillia#ppyXa picks up sword#T53DH
/character scillia#ppyXa moves to drake#Ki3bK
scillia#ppyXa: Well I wanna fight!
drake#vvGyW: Not now, Scillia!
/character scillia#ppyXa moves to computer#Ki3bK
scillia#ppyXa: Don't make me destroy your computer to get your attention!
/character drake#vvGyW emotes angry
drake#vvGyW: I've got my pistol and my rifle. You wouldn't try it.
scillia#ppyXa: I disagree.
/character scillia#ppyXa attacks computer#Ki3bK