WEBAVERSE_LORE_FILE

# Setting

Outside of the Citadel, an enormous castle that stretches up to the clouds.
The citadel contains the 

# Characters

Id: scillia#8jtZw
Name: Scillia
Bio: Her nickname is Scilly or SLY. 13/F drop hunter. She is an adventurer, swordfighter and fan of potions. She is exceptionally skilled and can go Super Saiyan.
Inventory: sword#7qBUz

Id: hyacinth#PuNyA
Name: Drake
Bio: Also known as Hya. 15/F beast tamer. Influencer famous for her pets, and friend of Scillia's. She is really bad in school but the richest one in the group.
Inventory: bow#rcPiM

# Objects

Id: park-bench#zHWpG
Name: Park bench
Description: A place to sit. Sits three people.
Metadata: Capacity: 3

Id: sword#7qBUz
Name: Sword
Description: A rusty old sword.
Metadata: Damage: 20, Element: fire

# Transcript

hyacinth#PuNyA: Do you think they're screwing us?
scillia#8jtZw: Who?
/character scillia#8jtZw emotes surprise
hyacinth#PuNyA: The school. In magic class they teach us how to make new spells, right?
scillia#8jtZw: Sure. Are you keeping up with the homework? I just made my first fire spell!
/character scillia#8jtZw emotes happy
hyacinth#PuNyA: But then they ask you to upload it to the Street right?
scillia#8jtZw: Yeah, that's how you submit the assignment. You're really not paying attention in class are you?
/character scillia#8jtZw emotes sorrow
hyacinth#PuNyA: Where do you think all of these new spells are going?
/character scillia#8jtZw emotes neutral
scillia#8jtZw: Up the Street.
hyacinth#PuNyA: Obviously. But what's up the street? What's above the Citadel? What's beyond the Graet Filter? Does anyone even care?
scillia#8jtZw: Don't worry so much about it. You're rich and popular. You're all set, all you gotta do is not fail your magic class! Is this your way of asking for help with your magic homework?
/character hyacinth#PuNyA emotes happy
hyacinth#PuNyA: Scillia will you help me with my magic homework?
/character scillia#8jtZw emotes angry
scillia#8jtZw: Only if you can beat me to the bench!
/character hyacinth#PuNyA emotes surprise
hyacinth#PuNyA: Fuck!
/character scillia#8jtZw activates park-bench#zHWpG
/character hyacinth#PuNyA activates park-bench#zHWpG