WEBAVERSE_LORE_FILE

# Setting

At the gate of the Great Filter. The Great filter is massive wall separating Zone 7 from Zone 8. There is a force field blocking entry.
The gate has towers manned by gate guards, with a guard captain. The guards require a keycard for access through the Filter. A keycard allows one person to pass through the Filter one time.

# Characters

Id: pandora#W8YrU6
Name: Pandora
Bio: Her nickname is Pan or PANDY. She is a thief and adventurer. She is equipped with a dagger and a torch. Pan is a collector of rare artifacts. She has a powerful pet named Peedy.
Inventory: dagger#HxCCJ, fox#1N5SJ

Id: kyosuke#z0dUcv
Name: Kyosuke
Bio: Kyo is a powerful fighter who is exceptional at dodging. He can even catch arrows in the air. He is armed with a sword and his loyal pet cat, Shiro.
Inventory: sword#63SMY, cat#1hJNO

Id: tobi#V7X0X9
Name: Tobi
Bio: He is the brave hero of the team. Tobi is an adventurer, swordsman, and an accomplished vet. His pet doggo, Bon Bon, is very loyal. It has been known
Inventory: sword#2KjT3, dog#S8Zvh

Id: cecil#Jp78bO
Name: Cecil
Bio: A guard captain for the local Citadel. He will not let anyone through the gate without his permission. He is armed with a powerful staff. Cecil has a pet monkey named Mario.
Inventory: staff#2V7GN, monkey#1aJCb

# Objects

Id: vending-machine#4vKHs
Name: Vending Machine
Description: A place to guy key cards. Requries coins to operate.
Metadata: Sells: keycard, Price: 40

Id: dagger#HxCCJ
Name: Dagger
Description: A small dagger with a poison tip.

Id: fox#1N5SJ
Name: Fox
Description: A female blue fox with a large bushy tail and magical auras. It can speak. It seems old and wise.

Id: sword#2KjT3
Name: Sword
Description: A shiny sword with a jeweled hilt. Designed for speed.

Id: cat#1hJNO
Name: Cat
Description: A small black cat with a white spot on its chest. It is very loyal to its "master" and will follow him/her anywhere in Cyberspace.

Id: dog#S8Zvh
Name: Dog
Description: An enormous black dog with teeth twice the size of its head. It is capable of looking both cute and ferocious.

Id: staff#2V7GN
Name: Staff
Description: A long wooden stick with a gem at the tip. It pulses with magical energy. The other side seems very sharp.

Id: monkey#1aJCb
Name: Monkey
Description: A fat human-sized monkey wearing a blue bow-tie. It has a funny personality and will often throw banana peels on the ground.

Id: keycard#iCc7q
Name: Keycard
Description: A card that can unlock the gate to the Great Filter.

# Transcript

/action cecil#Jp78bO emotes angry
cecil#Jp78bO: Hey you!
kyosuke#z0dUcv: Who, me?
/action kyosuke#z0dUcv emotes surprised
cecil#Jp78bO: What is your business in the Gate of the Great Filter?
kyosuke#z0dUcv: We're visitor sfrom Zone 7. We're looking for artifacts from Zone 8.
/action tobi#V7X0X9 emotes angry
tobi#V7X0X9: Don't just tell them our plan, you moron!
cecil#Jp78bO: That's not my business. You will not be able to pass through the Great Filter without the keycard.
tobi#V7X0X9: Wanna bet Bon Bon has something to say about it?
/action pandora#W8YrU6 emotes joy
pandora#W8YrU6: You guys are hilarious. Did you know you can just break open the vending machine to get a keycard?
kyosuke#z0dUcv: What really?
pandora#W8YrU6: Yup, watch! Peedy, do your thing.
/action fox attacks vending-machine#4vKHs
kyosuke#z0dUcv: Now I feel like an idiot.
/action kyosuke#z0dUcv emotes sorrow
pandora#W8YrU6: It's ok, it's a trick only thieves know.