WEBAVERSE_LORE_FILE

# Setting

A dark cave. It is in a dark part of the forest, where there is a chance of mobs. It contains mostly silkworms and silk, but it is also a place where a lot of low-level players get killed, making it a good place to grab dropped loot.

# Characters

Id: neka#EctU5
Name: Neka
Bio: Student at the Citadel. 16/F She is studying to become a huntress, but also a very talented painter. She is very brave, almost reckless at times, but tends to overcome obstacles with her brute strength.
Inventory: spear#r77SK2, scouter#iOiEO

Id: kass#bpo0c
Name: Kassius
Bio: An anonymous player, he invents gadgets for adventurers. He doesn't really care about adventuring, but uses it as a way to test out inventions.
Inventory: cloak#mjnph, bubble-shield#q9X3k, strange-device#rmAuP

# Objects

Id: silkworm#z3s3x
Name: Silkworm
Description: A silkworm, but only a small one. They are quite common in this cave.

Id: silkworm#aV7T0
Name: Silkworm
Description: A silkworm, but only a small one. They are quite common in this cave.

Id: silkworm#T1KQ9
Name: Silkworm
Description: A silkworm, but only a small one. They are quite common in this cave.

Id: spear#r77SK2
Name: Spear
Description: A spear that has been sharpened quite a lot. It is made of a strange blue material that seems to glow in the light.

Id:  scouter#iOiEO
Name: Scouter
Description: When you wear this you can see the stats of other players, but you cannot see your own.

Id: cloak#mjnph
Name: Cloak
Description: A cloak that is enchanted to make you invisible.

Id: bubble-shield#91jSk
Name: Bubble Shield
Description: A bubble shield. It requires a basic synthesis to create. It makes you immune to damage for one hit only, which destroys the shield.

Id: strange-device#q9X3k
Name: Strange device
Description: A strange device. It has no effect when you wear it, but when you remove it, you gain a level.

Id: silk#vqgee
Name: Silk
Description: A ball of silk. Can be sold.
Metadata: Level: 1

Id: scythe#9NcBP
Name: Scythe
Description: A standard-issue military scythe with auto-targeting capabilities.
Metadata: Level: 17, Damage: 50, Element: fire

# Transcript

neka#EctU5: Yo check this out.
/action neka#EctU5 moves to silk#z3s3x
kass#bpo0c: Yeah, looks like silk. What does the scouter say about the power level?
neka#EctU5: It's level one.
kass#bpo0c: Selling?
neka#EctU5: Hell no. I'm keeping it.
kass#bpo0c: Damn it Neka. You know you're not supposed to keep any loot. That wasn't part of our agreement.
neka#EctU5: I know. I was just kidding.
/action neka#EctU5 picks up silk#vqgee
kass#bpo0c: You're gonna get us killed.
neka#EctU5: Relax, we can handle 3 silkworms.
kass#bpo0c: We're not going to get them all.
neka#EctU5: We'll see.
/action neka#EctU5 attacks silkworm#z3s3x
kass#bpo0c: Ok, maybe with a bit of teamwork. Let's go.
/action kass#bpo0c attacks silkworm#aV7T0