WEBAVERSE_LORE_FILE

# Setting

Codex's treehouse. It is an apartment at the top of Nihon city in Zone 0. It has a nice balcony overlooking the city, which has a view of the mountains (inspired by Mount Fuji) during the day, and a brilliant neon skyline (inspired by the design of Collision Chaos from Sonic CD).
Inside of the treehouse is a cozy living area with a very  big TV and lots of plants. There are two hammocks and three beanbag chairs. There is a big kitchen. The bedroom is on the second floor and has a nice view of the city. There is a big bed with a canopy and a large desk with some design books.
In the balcony is the treehouse's arcade machine, which is a PC that has a hacked two player version of Sonic CD.

# Characters

Id: codex#u5ghi
Name: Codex
Bio: 17/M, new to Nihon city. He has a website where he posts his world record speedruns. He is a top professional gamer but doesn't have many friends. He mostly keeps to himself.

Id: keni#Xwvsw
Name: Keni
Bio: 16/F, fangirl stan of fan of Codex, follows him everywhere. She is a big fan of his speedruns and thinks he's hilarious.

Id: the-fox#z0XRJ
Name: The Fox
Bio: 16/M, Codex's best friend. He is a furry with his own fursona. He is a big speedrunner and has done many record runs with Codex.

Id: dr-yuki#XQGQc
Name: Dr Yuki
Bio: 17/F, a robotic scientist and Youtuber, who makes videos about robots and technology. She is into computers, art and gaming. She is a friend of Keni. She is not an actual doctor, but she is an actual robot.

Id: julie#i7RZD
Name: Julie
Bio: 16/F, a professional gamer and Codex's rival. She has a huge ego and is very competitive. Her biggest secret is that she is a furry.

# Objects

# Transcript

julie#i7RZD: I'm bored.
/action julie#i7RZD emotes sorrow
dr-yuki#XQGQc: You know what they say Julie, idle hands are the devil's playthings.
julie#i7RZD: That's not what they say. What do you do when you're bored, Fox?
the-fox#z0XRJ: I go to furmeets, it cheers me right up!
/action the-fox#z0XRJ emotes happy
julie#i7RZD: Ew, furries.
/action keni#Xwvsw moves to julie#i7RZD:
keni#Xwvsw: You're just jealous because The Fox is happy just being a furry. He's found his meaning in life.
the-fox#z0XRJ: Woof.
/action the-fox#z0XRJ emotes happy
julie#i7RZD: I have found my meaning in life. You'll see.
/action julie#i7RZD emotes angry
/action codex#u5ghi moves to julie#i7RZD
codex#u5ghi: What are you guys arguing about?
julie#i7RZD: Oh, nothing.
keni#Xwvsw: Yeah, nothing. Did you win bae?
codex#u5ghi: Smoked em.
/action codex#u5ghi emotes joy
codex#u5ghi: Ready to head out, guys?
julie#i7RZD: Yeah, let's go.
/action keni#Xwvsw moves to codex#u5ghi
the-fox#z0XRJ: I'm not going.
keni#Xwvsw: The Fox, you can't just sit in your room all day, you need to socialize.
the-fox#z0XRJ: No it's not like that, I just have some other socialization to attend to. If you know what I mean.
keni#Xwvsw: I don't but I'm not going to ask.
/action keni#Xwvsw emotes happy
codex#u5ghi: We'll see you later, Fox.
the-fox#z0XRJ: Cheers bro.
/action the-fox#z0XRJ leaves