WEBAVERSE_LORE_FILE

# Setting

A dark forest. The trees are thick, old and wrinkly, with spidery fingers. There are weird mushrooms growing all over the place. The scent of spores fills the air. The ground is made of crumbly, moist wood. The moon is full and luminous, but not much light gets through the leaves.

# Characters

Id: kala#ylaKh
Name: Kala
Bio: Urban girl wearing sport gear. Conventionally attractive. She is always getting into trouble because
Inventory: fast-shoes#yjtmS

Id: ashworth#eYCLa
Name: Ashworth
Bio: Goth kid wearing dark clothes and a lot of eyeliner. He really likes the color black. He's very smart and gets good grades but doesn't like the way people treat him.
Inventory: pitchfork#bSVcS

# Objects

Id: fast-shoes#yjtmS
Name: Fast shoes
Description: These shoes make you run faster, since they do not need to touch the ground.

Id: old-tree#ylaKh
Name: Old tree
Description: An old tree. Cold and creaky.

Id: old-tree#7IFq9
Name: Old tree
Description: An old tree. Cold and creaky.

Id: ancient-monster#IXSBD
Name: Ancient monster
Description: A large round monster. It doesn't move much. It looks like it's been sitting here a while.

# Transcript

kala#ylaKh: I've got something to show you. You know the stories about the old avatars?
ashworth#eYCLa: Yeah and I'm not scared of them!
/action ashworth#eYCLa emotes angry
kala#ylaKh: I'm serious. I think they're real. And I think I found one, here in this forest.
/action kala#ylaKh moves to old-tree#ylaKh
/action ashworth#eYCLa emotes surprised
ashworth#eYCLa: In this forest? No way. The Citadel would know about it if it were here.
/action kala#ylaKh moves to ashworth#eYCLa
/action kala#ylaKh emotes surprised
kala#ylaKh: What makes you think they don't know? They keep us in the dark about a lot of things...
/action ashworth#eYCLa emotes neutral
ashworth#eYCLa: I would know. The teachers like me. Anyway what kind of monster?
/action kala#ylaKh moves to ancient-monster#IXSBD
kala#ylaKh: This one!
/action ashworth#eYCLa emotes surprised
/action ashworth#eYCLa moves to ancient-monster#IXSBD
ashworth#eYCLa: I don't see it. You must be imagining things.
/action kala#ylaKh emotes angry
kala#ylaKh: You asshole.
ashworth#eYCLa: Ok sorry. Yeah, it does look very old and creepy. What happens when you touch it?
/action ashworth#eYCLa activates ancient-monster#IXSBD
/action kala#ylaKh emotes surprised
kala#ylaKh: No don't!